[Clang] Do not create dependent CallExpr having UnresolvedLookupExpr inside non-dependent context (#124609)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Fixed an assertion failure affecting code that uses C++23 "deducing this". (#GH130272)
- Clang now properly instantiates destructors for initialized members within non-delegating constructors. (#GH93251)
- Correctly diagnoses if unresolved using declarations shadows template paramters (#GH129411)

> - Fixed a clang regression on c++20 mode where unresolved dependent call expressions were created inside non-dependent context (#GH122892)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a Clang regression in C++20 mode where unresolved dependent call expressions were created inside non-dependent contexts (#GH122892)
```
